This is PoC(proof of concept) from xqemu GH page.
Two pics from xqemu working- or trying to work(v1 msft bios)- are here.

(I keep all my emus together)

There is a needed BIN BOOT FILE:

        its in a pastebin in UUENCODE format. UUDECODE IT. LET IT COMPLAIN.
        TWO bits need to be changed, as per xqemu webpage, (not GH xqemu page) and the poster giving you the data.
(        a hexeditor can hack this in 20 seconds.HINT: its the first and last, and THESE PEOPLE TELL YOU what to set.)


currently requires bios version 1(with factory hdd settings). I have a bios file from a softmodded xbox but Im not sure this is used
during the boot process or "just there" in drive E:\ndis.

eurasia bios(not eeprom) may provide a softmod solution. The trick it seems is triggering dev mode.

I have a v1.6 eeprom-eeprom is ignored if the drive is "made from data" and "not locked" during processing.
You can do this-
        IF and ONLY IF you already have a modded console.
        (ftp in and dump the HDD)

(EEPROM can be acquired from modding tools, dumped- then FTPd over.)

If you need help hacking-
    1-USBmod a controller
    2-add USB to a controller(prettier, but not easier)
        use a kindle in "target disk mode"- the xbox will see and format it no problems(you may lose kindle functionality)
(You standard softmodding tools and game saves from this point on.)


(EEPROM should be the BIOS file used here)

I have a v1.6 nDure Soft-modded box.SO, I have the files you will need.
YOU will have to acquire them yourself, somehow -or this xqemu is useless.

So- I urge you to go get one. Or Go MOD one.

This said- nDure uses a buffer overflow to trip ungined code execution of an unsigned dash- then installs itself.
A softmodded xbox (hardware) must then be flashed to boot the "modded unsigned code" somehow.

Because if it isnt flashed then someone found a loophole that isnt emulated here.
Note that v1 BIOS (MSFT dump) will not give error codes like v1.6 will.

While I can boot to the menu-
    It seems that Input isnt working.
    Sound can be ignored- or via qemu passthru(possible?) sent over/thru HDMI.
    Sound complains instead of working- seems to be like someone forgot to bitBang the "audio simulated hardware" correctly.
(certain systems didnt have "official soundcards"-like older Macs)


Will investigate further. Tests seem to indicate progress in many games.

these GH C devs are beligerent asswhores who assume you have a real box torn apart by the bits-
know everything about eeprom hacking and how every layer of encryption and processing works.

confront w extreme predjudice!
